boy all right
Donny oh hey Jaden what's going on how
much I know you're back in LA yeah yeah
had a pretty amazing trip I mean it was
unreal
really I can't wait to hear about it no
I have like a lot to tell you
what is it
do you remember the 90s yeah you know
people were talking about getting
piercings and getting tribal tattoos
yeah people were singing about saving
the planet and forming bands yeah
there's a place where the idea still
exists as a reality and I've been there
where is it
Portland Oregon yeah
[Music]
then the tattoo
remember when people were content to be
unambitious sleep till 11:00 hang out
with their friends when he had no
occupations whatsoever maybe working a
couple hours a week at a coffee shop
right have that died out a long time ago
not in Portland Portland is a city where
young people go to retire remove
remember in the 90s when they encouraged
you to be weird it's just an amazing
time where people would go to see
something like the Jim Rose sideshow
circus and watch someone hang something
from their penis you could grow up to
want to be a clown even what's a clown
school I gave up clowning years ago on
Portland you don't have to
[Music]
and dream of the
so from what I can surmise from what
you're positing it's like Portland's
almost an alternative universe like for
one
the Bush administration never happened
exactly Portland it's almost like cards
don't exist right all right bikes or
double-decker bikes they write unicycles
they raise a tram they ride skateboards
[Music]
my planet still
[Applause]
three of the nine
poorly go to like a record store and
sell your CDs
right upside down
Portland you can put a burn on something
and just call it art trees
[Applause]
right I made it yeah you're a little
late sorry we're also a little San
Francisco right now I mean sorry much
better welcome to Portland thank you
[Music]
Oh